Brewis Brooke with the broad sheepskin
those around the leader son of war the
1994 winner of the graze on the outside
of Pais popular on the inside there
followed by owners choice and miss
office were not far behind the leaders
with wild fight as they reach the top of
the course and head towards the fourth
fence through its Brooklyn hundred
Thornton in the lead heist a second
there followed in third place on the
outside by son of war and behind son of
war in fourth place is popular drugs
brought this for druids Brooke the
leaders come to that down at that fence
and now heist is left in front from son
of war they're followed in third place
on the inside by owners choice Parrish
pan is there to with miss Orchestra wild
hiders next and behind wild Hyde comes
Bobby Joe and then gogo gallant and
they're followed by Papillon and a
mistake there by punish pan steady race
on now towards the ditch at Valley hack
and the leader is spiced followed in
second by illness choice there followed
by Sun of war wild hide his next miss
off his birth is in the leading group to
first a swing away now having jumped six
fences and head towards number seven
it's heist son of war the gray on the
outside then thought Tracy has moved up
the favorite on the outside miss
Orchestra then comes gogo gallon coolest
choices on the inside as they come down
towards fence number seven and heist the
leader from the great son of war Bob
Tracy the red white spots why the black
cap then owners choice on the inside
miss off so not far behind the Matt
Gogel gallon for them Tavish ban Bobby
Joe need be gainer next as they come
down now towards the next fence and it's
rights the leader heist with a riderless
horse immediately ahead of another one
alongside them two of them for the
inside in fact Bob Tracy is next in the
leader heist as they come towards Spain
feds in the lead from Bob Tracy and
second son of Warren her feminist choice
and gogo gallant and they're being
followed by Papillon on the inside of
Miss office present Patty's Pam and
Bobby Jo need to go on the road again is
next as they come down towards fence
number nine heist and fear involving the
lead four to five makes clear of God
pray see some of warez turtle in his
choice and gogo gallant and they're
followed on the outside by parish Pam
and then this off the truck happy on
Ethan Galen full of votes and on the
road again and Bobby Joe and wild hide
behind these is Hermes harvest and then
Calder today doomed bail and bringing up
the rear Estelle the nipper as they
swing into the straight for the first
time and head towards their fence number
ten and that's the leader from Bob Tracy
and second they are followed by the top
weight Papio the green colors the gray
is Sun of war between horsemen zuna's
choice and then wild hive and Bobby Joe
miss Orchestra is next as they come
towards the fence before the stands they
have another complete circuit ahead of
them and Heights falling along in front
from Bob Beatty and second then comes
son of war and poppy on their noonas
choice and behind these is Bobby Joe
there followed by Patty span and gogo
gallant and wild hide as they come down
to past the east and they've jumped 11
fences
another 12 ahead of them and the leader
heist but not so far in fact our son of
war up there on the near side in second
place there followed in third place by
far crazy there followed by copy on the
newness Joyce and gogo gallons an extra
Smith Orchestra Bobby Joe while hide on
the insider behind these in Spanish pan
as they jump the fence fastest and heist
and son of war son of Orleans just in
front there
and they're all safely over and swinging
away on the second and final circuit in
the Jemison Irish national going up the
hill now it's heist in front from son of
war pop Tracy Papillon formed gogo
gallant five and a newness choice wild
hide on the inside of Miss office run
eaten game and then comes Bobby Joe
there followed by Hermes harvest
alongside Hermes harvest is on the road
again
with parish Panem caller today and over
that one Bob Tracy jumps up alongside
ice poppy honors current son of war gets
a reminder that Bobby Joe then this
office Rococo gallant Hermes harvest on
the inside is wild hide as they go to
the uphill ditch son of war and heist
Papillon jumps up there to almost joined
them gogo gallant on the outside then
caught Tracy
Oona's choice miss off the street became
not far behind them as they continue
towards the top of the hill Feist from
Sun of war gogo galaxy outside the green
colors is Papio unas choice is right
with a mob face yourself behind them
makes a slight mistake there picked a
little EP galas next and this Orchestra
and then full of volts and Bobby Joe and
then comes call it a day as they reach
the top of the hill and swing with a
fences left to jump prices the leader
from Sun of war running a big race the
1994 winner Lunas choice joins in then
Coco Callan and then comes a bad mistake
there by June they're back in the field
and they're also if I perish pan has
dropped out to the tale of the failure
to go downhill with seven to jump ice
leads from in second place Papillon then
comes soon as choice full of votes on
the outside of Coco canopy to go
the contention to unas choice took a
chance their loss bit of grandmas often
improves mark tracey still very much in
contention on the inside as they come to
the final ditch now and the leader Papio
over and on the road again as a follow
they're on the road again a faller and
it's nice for Tracy the inside poppy are
each to go with a miss officer just
behind them they're followed by unis
choice then comes gogo gallant and after
go gallant on the inside is Bobby Jo
there followed by full of oats is that
called Jose and wild hide and tell the
nipper of the I'm Calvin if we resume
Bell as they race down now the only
other one left in the race at this stage
are Hermes harvesting solid water drop
right out and park traces of father and
hi to the father as well and it's
Papillon for me to gala meet Orchestra
and they're followed in fourth place by
Bobby Joe and behind Bobby Joe a gap
Takada today and full of votes and
behind these is a wild hide and tell the
nipper with who this choice as they come
towards the fourth class now and it's
poppy impressed by III game on the
outside of his orchestra Papillon from
Gayle miss Orchestra made a slight
mistake Bobby Joe is closing for Paul
cavity and forth as they come towards
the third last evening gala and happy
all three legs away is Bobby Joe miss
office reporter gab said to call him
today and full of votes clear of tell
the nipper
they've treat up to jump of the Irish
Nashville Papillon and on the outside
the PK as their rights were together
happy army today chased by Bobby Joe
Miss officers back and forth :
his next good full of votes as they run
the turn they to fences after jump happy
on Ruby watch the top Wade needs a PJ of
Jason sexy bidding first heard whether
the race Bobby Joe and Paul Kaveri
making brothers progress in behind them
of their to Bobby Joe I got to ether
Galen third being a tell them if our
jobs right out to the writer that fences
they come towards the final fence now
it's puppy our fest by Bobby Joe they're
chased by collar is a full of votes and
then tell the nipper at the final fence
Papillon Bobby Joe rise to it together
happy on the far side Bobby told the
near side together the day full of open
mr. Watson 563 gay of seven owners
choice 8-bit office for a nine while
hide I'm a long way back to Hermes
harvest who's about to be overtaken by
Sun of war and doing fellas looks as if
she was pulled up she came whether the
loud Spence go girl gallant was also
pulled up for the second year running a
dramatic finish to the Jemison irish
national and paul cavalry raised pretty
close to the track am i will take you
through this looks very hopeful pretty
good line started not completely
satisfied yet notice Bellator who made
all to wear